Hello everyone guys in this video speech
will go about about the framework when the house is such a pro
framework for the functionality of this program
I will immediately say need root rights
the program is necessary for and where to check
market licenses and to emulate purchases
inside applications
It means how the program works at the first
start even though I said you need root rights
and at the first start necessarily needed
Internet should be turned on only when
the apron generally wants to run itself
first start program will be long so
how the program will read all
applications that you have installed on
smartphone and select the application
which we wanted to buy let's say so
I will select this purchase emulation
example aviary application and now
the program works on this application
creates so called shopping emulation
We have many paid apps .
paid photo processing tools
image files for example
Now we select a photo
there will be some let's say effects
stickers defects like we take
an example of the ear drik frame and go to the store
shop to make a purchase
see there are both free and paid
add-ons select add-on right here
moment we look if ray cards we have
there is a project so it means we can safely
this thing is all buy a card or cards
have no problem push buy
and as they say buy buy what
have chosen
clicked buy and the program starts
work here see payment do all
data data frames and which we selected
addition dwell on our troubles
loading
we already see them restored like this
installed but bought it like this
make other purchases principle
which
which program allows it to do
I have seen here until applets
let's say a lot so bought with
using free at home but there is one small
minus this program as you can see now
I mean buzz and blue need
my user arises such
the problem is people write that disappears
Internet on the Internet disappears
it does not give access to the Internet
to google services that is with us
neither the mail they think plus works
services that involve funds with
google to work all the fault
here is the utility
it was precisely freedom that conveyed the moon
what do we do if it happens yes we go
Again , the same program
press the menu key and here we press
stop program to install everything like this
this problem is solved all the guys all
Thank you for your attention so far.